Atelerd = Svoboda Special
xrenoid = Petrovich
palputin = Nedomonolith
jacknoir413 = Machinist
samul = Mercenary
selmnail = Mercenary
madmannobrain = Mercenary
course = Mercenary
justshako = Mercenary
noname14881337 = Mercenary
evilraccoon = Mercenary
saxarok = Duty
denmag = Duty
z135367 = Mercenary
blyeberry = Mercenary
jacknoir413 = Mercenary
sakharovda = Duty
beermyfriend = Duty
themanwhosoldthehorns = Mercenary
koctikkirov = Duty
koctikkirov = Mercenary
cre77 = Duty
eldronso = Mercenary
hypela42 = Mercenary
allahboom = Mercenary
narcissf = Mercenary
noname1488137 = Duty
cre77 = Duty
rickicksecond = Duty
wolforbykot = Duty
hypela42 = Duty
congrulation = Duty
xrenoid = Duty
jshepard = Duty
miloshevich447 = Duty
themanwhosoldthehorns = Duty
mintt = Duty
wasyand = Duty
Firefroge = Duty
MegaOmega005 = Duty
ChemicalCooker = Duty
MegaOmega005 = Duty
Cereter = Duty
ICYSHINE187 = Duty
NoName1488137 = Duty
firefroge = Duty
corporaldead = Duty
furrydog = Duty
def0lt = Duty
pronik = Duty
gagatun228 = Duty
drunktess = Duty
cookins = Duty
fillcross = Duty
firefroge = Mercenary
corporaldead = Mercenary
ogardtheviking = Mercenary
swiddlefiddler = Mercenary
thevlzae = Mercenary
cookins = Duty
chemicalcooker = Mercenary
vavalor = Mercenary
kyrac = Mercenary
andreykey = Duty
nocotov77 = Duty
egorium = Duty
dvacheroldfag = Mercenary
andreybelow = Mercenary
bombanyti = Mercenary
bolotniy = Mercenary
firefroge = Mercenary
mishakovalik = Mercenary
megaomega00 = Duty 
ted201 = Duty 
nicknam = Duty 
theatlasplay = Duty 
dmitry51615 = Duty 
zombuzi = Duty